Some db connector documentation fixes (#1720)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: db/1.10/modules/ROOT/pages/database-connector-transactions.adoc

</try>
----

== Transactions and Streaming

> Results from some Database Connector operations (for example the *Select* operation) are automatically streamed to prevent loading all the results at once, which can lead to performance and memory issues. This behavior means that database rows are loaded lazily when needed.

Reviewer: Is "lazily" a term users will know? I never encountered it. Maybe you can remove it here and elsewhere.

> Results from some Database Connector operations (for example the *Select* operation) are automatically streamed to prevent loading all the results at once, which can lead to performance and memory issues. This behavior means that database rows are loaded lazily when needed.

Reviewer: Can you remove "lazily"? I never heard of it before and am not sure it adds anything to the meaning.

> When Database Connector operations perform inside a transaction (for example a *Try* scope component), and that transaction is closed before consuming the data, accessing the results which haven't been loaded fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Database Connector operations perform inside a transaction (for example a *Try Scope* component), and that transaction is closed before consuming the data, accessing the results that haven't been loaded fails.
```
